
	片段1

男主
I'm sorry to bother you, but

can you show me the finished suits?

  

204


店1 
Yes, I think there will be something.

This way, please.

  

205


男主 I thought you might have something from

other customers who didn't take it.

  

206


店1 We don't keep things like that here!

Ah, here's the real thing!

  

	片段2



店主 Tell Todd to serve him quickly

and lead him to the side door.

  店2 yes sir。

208



男主 Are things like this worn

in England nowadays?

  

209


店1 Yes, that's the fashion.

Try on pants.

  
	片段3
210


店2 Mr. Reed says to accompany him.

to the side exit, and quickly.

  

211


店1 I know what I'm doing.

I have eyes, don't I?

  
	片段4
212


男主 Well, it's a little flashy, isn't it?

  

213


店1 We have nothing better sir,

I looked at everything.

  

214


店1 It's a little heavy for size, you know?

-男主 Yes, that's how I am.

  

215


男主  Well, it'll work for a while.

	I'll take it.

  

216



店1 Should I pack it?

-男主  No, I'll go in it.

  

217


男主 I'd rather not pay right away,

if you don't mind,

  
	片段5
218

男主 I would open an account,

and pay in a month.

  

219



男主 You see ... I have nothing small change.

	片段6

店1   here we go？

  

220


店1 I guess you should expect a

gentleman like you can only be expected to carry large change.

  

	片段7


222


男主 now look here sonny,
if i were you 
i wouldn't judge strangers by the clothes they wear.



  

223

男主 I would not judge strangers

by the suit they wear.

  

224



男主 I just don't want to

embarrass you with a big bill.

  

225


	片段8
店1 I don't want to offend you, but why do

you think we can't change?

  

226

店1 a big bill?

In fact, we can.

  
	片段9
227


男主 In that case 

there is no problem.（男主拿钱）

  

228（店员1看到钱吓哭了）

	片段10
老板 What's going on? What's the problem?

What do you want? -
男主I'm waiting for my change.

  

229


老板well Come on, come on,

return the change, Todd!

  

230



店1 Change, sir?

  

231

老板 Let's change!

	片段11
  
232


老板well，could it？is it... is it... Is that the one I

saw in the paper on Wednesday?

  

233


Or was it Thursday?

	片段12

老板 I remember thinking



that I will not have the honor of feeling a

bill like this in my hands.

	片段13 


老板 You're a fool, Todd.

Born a fool!

  

236


老板 You brought a gentleman

to this part of the store.

  

237

老板 They would think we had never worked

with millionaires.

  

238

老板 And take off that jacket, sir!

It's only fit for the dustbin！

  

239


老板 Call Jack, Arthur and William!

Allow me, sir!

  

240


老板 This way, sir.

	片段14

老板 The balance is perfect!

  

241


老板
We have him for Lord Halifax!

He was very similar.

  

242



老板
One inch up your sleeves!
店3重复一遍
  

243


另一店员 Ties, Mr. Reed.

-老板 I said new one! From McField.

  

244


老板 We'll start

making for you this morning !

  

245


老板 You'll need a morning suit, a nightgown,

and something for the opera.